[Music]
hey guys what's up and welcome back to
my channel
today i have a very different kind of
video that i'm really excited to share
with you
if you've been following me since last
year you'll know that i moved apartments
into a one bedroom with my fiance gary
and we went through like an entire
redecorating
period like home decorating now i
promised you guys i would make a video
of the before and after
and then i just have not like i keep
walking around the house thinking like
oh i want to change that i want to like
add a plant here i need to finish
that this looks empty like i literally
have just
been putting off this video because i'm
waiting for everything to be perfect
and that totally goes against my motto
in life
and just like with everything health
fitness whatever
so i decided i'm just going to show you
guys today
it is a work in progress there's still
many areas of the apartment that are not
finished which you will see
but i just can't wait to show you guys
like the mood boards
my sister jen whitney she did all of the
design the interior design for the
apartment so like we gave her a budget
and then she just went and we gave her
mood boards and she went and found all
the furniture
so this is also just going to be like a
little plug for my sis if you want an
interior designer
like half of my friends have worked with
her at this point after seeing my
apartment so
i can't wait to show you guys and like
open up the pinterest boards
and like just get into a little bit more
lifestyle stuff on this channel in
general so
let's get into it but first i'm gonna
give you a little walkthrough of what
the space looked like before i moved in
so this is a one bedroom apartment in
brooklyn new york if you have been
curious what living in new york is like
i can tell you it is small living
we live we lived in a studio before this
which was like
literally just gary who's 6'4 like a big
man and me in one room in a bathroom
like kitchen was in the same room as the
bed situation and we did that for two
years and luckily
we get along so it was fine but we were
very ready to get into a slightly larger
space
it's still not you know what we could
get if we were living in like
i don't know anywhere else but we really
like living in brooklyn right now
if it's our lifestyles and um it's
better than
what you can get in manhattan so we are
in williamsburg brooklyn i
absolutely love williamsburg it's like
been it's my dream
neighborhood in any city i remember the
day
actually that i came i used to live in
harlem when i moved to new york and
when i graduated college and when i came
up out of the subway
in williamsburg for the first time i can
remember that exact moment like
do you have any memory for yourself
where you can remember
like exactly where you were and what it
felt like and
you know just one of those like very
vivid memories that for me was when i
walked
up the subway stairs ascended and saw
with my eyes what williamsburg
looked like and felt like it's very
creative it's very cute
it has you know you can actually see
you know up above the buildings because
it's not like manhattan where everything
is
skyscrapers and i just felt very
inspired
here so i moved here and um and then i
met gary here a few years later so
it's been a neighborhood that i've had a
lot of memories in and now in this
apartment we have
a living room which i'm sitting in now
we have a kitchen which is over there
i'll give you guys a tour we have a
patio which is pretty nice to have in
the summer obviously right now it's
covered in snow so we're not using it
but
it's nice in the summer we have the
bedroom and then we also have three
closets we have one
walk-in closet in the bedroom which is
great we have a utility closet over here
and then we have an entryway like
coats and shoes closet and of course the
bathroom so
when we first moved in here this place
had been
lived in by the previous tenant for like
eight years so and they weren't living
here anymore it was really bizarre they
lived in another city we were just like
paying rent for this place they um so
when we did the tour it was like
it was weird it was like going in
someone's house who hasn't been there
in like years it was so bizarre but
obviously they did like a deep clean and
everything before i moved in
so now that you guys have seen like
general layout of the place i want to
get into
what my sister and i talked about when
we went to design things like what
i like what gary liked and we'll start
with
the living room now that you've seen the
pictures so our living room was the main
room that we wanted to make feel
really welcoming really you know bright
and light
we actually don't get we're in a
courtyard we're not at the top so we
don't get a lot of sunlight luckily
both windows both rooms have like
floor-to-ceiling
windows so we at least get that natural
light which is great so for our living
room
i sent jen my sister a bunch of
pinterest boards
and she created this really cool nice
document for us to like stay organized
and i just love documents like this
you can also see the floor plan in here
exactly what i just showed you in the
videos
and what i was going for i don't know if
there's a word to describe
this aesthetic i like minimalism
like a touch i like pastels i like
um neutrals a lot but like pops of color
like
in plant life or greenery which is
ironic because we have no plants but
i'll get to that later
and i like um i don't know i guess
like a touch of scandinavian but that's
too boring like there needs to be a
little bit more so you can see in this
pinterest board where this kind of like
board we put together
there's some natural wood there's like
bamboo i really like
um japanese influence we have some
curtains that are really cool they're
like paneled
curtains um that are just like really
gorgeous that you'll see later that kind
of go with that vibe
and it's just clean you know inviting
warm colors
that we were going for and then for our
bedroom look and feel i wanted to go
like
a little cooler but still on that
fresh comfortable calm serene
i was kind of channeling like desert
vibes like it kind of has that just like
silent
calm about it and we had blue sheets
when we moved in now we don't so
you'll see some blue in our swipe here
but
we definitely went for like a more
desert vibe in the bedroom which you'll
see
and i actually really like and then for
our entryway you'll see that it's very
similar to the living room like i
definitely love shapes circular shapes
in general i prefer them to like
rigid edges or um
yeah like boxes and squares so i wanted
like a big round mirror which you'll see
we got
and i'll also link to all of the
furniture i don't have discounts or
anything for you guys but in case you're
looking for pieces
everything we got was basically from
urban outfitters cb2
some maybe one thing from west elm some
some of it was thrifted but yeah we'll
get i'll show you all the stuff
some of it was target actually too we
did a lot of target for the kitchen the
kitchen is
was largely an interesting project now i
had a lot of questions around
the kitchen when i posted on instagram
and if you guys
followed me last year on instagram i
posted a lot of this stuff just not in
this detail
so in the kitchen we had these like
you'll see like you were you already saw
those brown countertops and i just
you guys know i do some food stuff like
i really like
white and like bright light so um
the brown was just not fitting my vibe
so i took this like
very risky chance and decided to buy
um countertop adhesive okay so we did
take this adhesive and
it's not easy to apply and i watched a
thousand
youtube videos on this and they don't
make it look easy
to apply either except for the really
fake commercials where it just like
effortlessly glides on it's not like
that
there will be air bubbles there will be
tears
there will be screaming i and it's not a
one-man job
i had to loot garion and he was not
happy about it
at all i remember him saying if you do
this project it's
going to be all you and then he
literally did all of it with me because
i couldn't do it alone but basically
like laying it out you have to have one
person like pull it out and then um
the other person needs to have like one
of those bread it's like a bread tool we
used or a credit card and just like
squeegee out the um air bubbles and then
like you have to
this is ridiculous you have to blow dry
the edges with a hair dryer
so they like shrink wrap to the bottom
we did at least five panels on the
kitchen and then we did the other
countertops there's another like
four panels you just like cut it out
around the sink you guys it's like not
for the faint of heart but
do i have any regrets absolutely not it
is starting to fray and it's ripped in a
few places especially around the sink
area which is not ideal but
overall i like the appearance better and
we also are trying to do all the
countertops because
my building decided to make them a neon
green i don't know why
i don't know why they did that but they
did so i also just got a different
um uh kind of it's like just white matte
not white gloss a white matte to do on
the cupboard and you'll see in a
tour i have not finished that even
though it's been eight months i just
have not
had the time to do that sesame
what are you doing but in any case i
want the kitchen
we got some new potter pop where that's
not what you call that
like table wear and whatnot but it's not
entirely finished we got some nice
chairs
cute things but that's still a work in
progress and then the patio
we had i had some you know like
planty vibes for the patio we did
most of the patio like i got some great
furniture from
target did this really cool tiling on
our patio
from ikea it's just like flooring that
you put together but we're also not done
with that
and we have no lighting or plants out
there
so that's also a work in progress and
then the bathroom doesn't have a lot of
design and it's
you know the occasional piece of artwork
so that's not really something that
we'll
spend much time talking about this stuff
to me
okay so now that you guys have seen the
layout
you've seen the inspo i'm gonna show you
what my sister chose
she gave me several options for things
but then this is where we land for the
living room
these were the pieces that we chose that
she chose she designed for me based on
my
aesthetic and like what we were going
for we got this
really nice sofa that was within our
budget but still high quality from
article we love this sofa you guys have
seen the leather sofa
for a while now it's always in the
background my videos oh my gosh story
time
we first got a really cute credenza from
urban outfitters and guys i also didn't
know the word credenza until this year
so don't worry if you don't know what
that word is it's like a console
um so i ordered one from urban
outfitters i promised to be a short
story
it came busted like it was the wood was
broken everywhere
sent it back got another one it was
broken again sent it back
got another one it was broken three
times so i just returned it and i was
like this is it like i can't deal with
this again
so we got one from west elm instead
which was very similar
so we didn't end up getting this lunar
lounge chair because we didn't need it
but we did get this
um joaquin faux leather armchair
um which we still have it's sesame's
favorite sleeping spot this is probably
my favorite piece of the
um apartment the living room the izabel
coffee table
it's just like asymmetrical and organic
i really like the texture
we got this really cheap little metal
folding table which is cute and modern
and
adds like a bold statement to a lot of
the whites and neutrals we have
and then we got this ceramic side table
which i also love it's circular it's
really cute
i enjoy it then as far as like
decoration on top of those things
we got this leather poof which i always
sit on to film videos for you guys it's
from urban i believe it's white
it's we did apply like a leather
protectant to it so it's lasted pretty
well um we got some throw pillows and
pastels
we had this patchwork curtain that's the
one that i really
love i was saying it's like it's
beautiful because it just like lets the
light come in
subtly while giving you a little bit of
privacy we got this throw blanket which
i'm obsessed with i love the texture
and then this um that's the checkered
one that you guys see in all my
instagram stories
for our bedroom we went with stuff that
i already had largely so we already had
like
the lamp the bed frame and the ikea
dresser
we got new sheets um we got this like
bamboo bedside table
not a lot change in there the mirror
also came shattered
yeah and then we had to get a different
one that was pretty crazy it's like
a six and a half foot tall mirror so
when it showed up
it was not pretty but you know
once we got it and it wasn't broken it
was it's really nice and we love it now
for the entryway we kept it simple
we have this one big mirror that i love
we have
this runner mat and then we got this
entryway table from target which is
really just
serve the purpose we are still trying to
get artwork for the entryway so when you
see it it's just like very
it's still very barren and minimal which
is fine but
you'll notice there's no artwork hanging
in the apartment at this time because
that's what i'm doing right now
the kitchen just has some like light
inspo we did get these chairs
that are kind of like island countertop
chairs we only ever used two of them
because but we have three i don't know
why we have three but
i guess the third one's for sesame um
and we're still i still need like a
fruit bowl i still need serving platters
there's still stuff we need but
like not necessary right now so this is
what i was talking about earlier
we installed this ourself but
it's you know it's not perfect you can
see
where we had to overlap the panels and
like i said it looks good like i like
how it looks but
they're starting to show some signs of
wear and tear around the sink
cutting for this was very challenging
but overall
i think that it looks better than if we
had the original countertops which were
just this like brown black color lastly
i want to do all of these in this white
i already finished these up here
i have to do under there under that
panel and
yeah i have to do these as well
and then lastly for our patio i'm very
excited about this i love the stuff we
got
um we didn't end up getting throw
pillows but it was in our original like
patio option deck
but we just kept it minimal it still
needs plants and lighting like i said
but it's coming along
you really can't see much of our porch
right now you can see the paneling we
put down
because of the snow but i'll hopefully
i'll find a photo to show you guys what
it looked like
from the summer the rest of our tiles
came in
so i'm gonna be filling the whole
side that we ran out of today oh also
there's one other space
that like i spent time thinking about
and that is the desk area because i
don't have my own office but obviously i
run small edits
out of here this is the smaller xhq and
i just knew i needed like i can't just
work on a couch it's just not happening
so
i decided to go with this stairway desk
which is
nice because you can like add
decorations to it it feels kind of
dusky and like work off the sea and
i have a laptop and just put it there
and i got this nice
um little like what's it called
mid-century
white leather chair as well which i love
and it we also
used leather protectant over that and
it's been totally fine it hasn't like
degraded at all so that is all of the
kind of items that we added into our new
redesign so i hope you guys enjoyed the
tour
of our one bedroom in brooklyn new york
and
i will probably have an update once we
finish some artwork
and other little decorations but just
wanted to share where it was at now
and thanks for watching you guys if you
enjoyed this video please
give it a like support my channel and
subscribe for more content tailored to
petite women
healthy living lifestyle fitness health
wellness all the good stuff
and i will see you guys next week bye
[Music]
you